# Research notes
## Who is the client
The client is a company named Harfang 3D. It is a software development company dedicated to creating human-machine interfaces for various industries.
## His/her field
The company specializes in real-time 3D visualization, they create useful tools to transform the development of real-time 3D imaging in an industrial context. Indeed, their goal is to popularize their use beyond entertainment purposes, and to improve the effectiveness of their products.

## Competition
The company's main competitors are other companies offering products and services similar to their own engine software. Like for example Unity and Unreal Engine.
The objective of Harfang3D different from its competitor. Indeed, its goal is to develop its engine for the industrial sector, while its competitors focus more on the gaming industry.

# Resources
## Glossary

**Harfang 3D** : The society creating different 3D real-time engine solutions.

**FABGen** : A set of Python scripts to generate C++ binding codes to different languages.

**Binding** : An use of a software library for a different programming language.

**Engine** : A program performing a core or essential function, faciliting development and allowing real-time maintenance.

**Framework** : A set of tools and software components gathered to allow a faster development of softwares.

**Real-Time 3D** : The method of representation of 3D images that appear to be moving in real time.

**HMI** : Abreviation of "Human-Machine Interface".

**API** : Abreviation of "Application Programming Interface".

**Native Code** : Programming code configured to run on a specific processor.

**Library** : Collection of pre-written code used to optimize tasks.

**Programming Language** : System of notation for writing computer programs used to formulate algorithms.

**Integration** : Process of combining separate programs or softwares in one system.

**Dynamically typed** : A programming language is dynamically typed when it performs type checking at run time.

**Statically typed** : A programming language is statically typed when it performs type checking at compile time.

**Wrapper** : Programming code encapsulating another code to provide it new functionnalities

**Converter** : Software used to convert the value of a source type to a target type.

**Type** : Nature of the data value and its related operators.

# Communication
## Who?
| Person | Company role | Contact |
| :-: | :-: | :-: |
| [François Gutherz](https://www.linkedin.com/in/astrofra/) | CTO & Project leader | francois.gutherz@harfang3d.com|
| [Emmanuel Julien](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ejulien/) | Lead developer | emmanuel.julien@harfang3d.com|

